# Evergreen // 4.03.5014U

**PATIENCE** calls a defense council meeting. Among the notable attendees are: the Lancer squad and  **EDINA JI** as well as **BRAVA HADURA** and several higher-ranking milita members.

The pilots are thanked for their help so far in keeping **EVERGREEN** safe from the raider attacks. **PATIENCE** makes it clear that, while the erratic subaltern behavior is strange and concerning, the raider attacks are their primary concern, and should be the primary concern of the pilots, as well.

**PATIENCE** believes that they may have "kicked the hornet's nest" with the latest defensive retaliation against these raiders, and believes that **EVERGREEN** will soon be hit by a much larger force. They put the colony on red-alert and ask the squad to stay near the colony to help with the defensive.

# Evergreen // 5.18.5014U

The pilots are awoken by the sound of small arms fire, explosions, and panicked radio chatter. **EVERGREEN** is under attack. They rush to their mechs and head to where the largest force is reported to be.

Just outside the walls, they are met with a heavy siege force, that they prepare to defend against. 

After a hard-fought battle against the first assault, the squad gets a priority message from **PATIENCE** that there seems to be a force attacking **THE STABLE REACTOR** and that one of the two reactor cores has already been destroyed. The squad is dispatched via military transport up the road to defend the second core.

A handful of grunts are taken out quickly by the Lancers, but they struggle against a heavily armed and armoed Demolisher until the end, eventually holding it back enough that it falls to retreat.

In the early hours of the morning, the Lancers catch a ride back to **EVERGREEN** on the transport. When they approach the walls, they hear gunfire resume, and see a flash of a large, glowing frame moving very fast toward the walls of **EVERGREEN**. The alarms come back online as the squad rushes to catch this assailant.

After working their way through the colony, the squad finds themselves face-to-face with the frame known as **REGRET** and a squad of frames supporting its assault.

A long and taxing battle ensues, with **SANDMAN**'s frame, **NOT IN MY BACKYARD**, being destroyed, and many of the other frames in the squad being heavily damaged. **REGRET** is stopped before they are able to move to a strategic position and self-destruct, but a building full of civilians is lost in the process.

# Evergreen // 5.19.5014U

After a short night's rest recovering from the overnight skirmish, the pilots emerge to help the people of **EVERGREEN** recover from the assault.
